# Meeting notes for Node.js Africa meeting held on 20th March, 2019.

## Attendance
1. Agiri Abraham
2. Hassan Sanni
3. Precious Chukundah
4. Adebayo Opesanya

## Meeting Agenda
- Meet and Greet (5 Mins)
- Introducing Node.js Africa (5 Mins)
- Expectations of Node.js Africa for its Members (Directors and Members) (10Mins)
- Node.js Team  Expectation for Node.js Africa Members (5 Mins)
- Expectation for Node.js User Feedback Session(15 Mins)
- Adding Node.js Africa Meetup Locations on [https://nodejs.africa](Post-Meeting)
- Acceptance of office by Node.js Africa Leadership (Post-Meeting)

## Meeting Discussion
Agiri walked us through a document outlinting the goals for the Node.js User Feedback Initiative, and what we can do to be a part of making it a success.

Agiri stated that we need to do better on accountability and record keeping, in the sense that there is currently no way to measure/account for those who make up Node.js Africa membership.

In response to Agiri, Hassan mentioned that we need to have an attendance system in place.

Agiri also mentioned that we need to do more along the lines of creating awareness, so that more people can know that we exist and can be a part of the work we're doing in the Node.js Africa ecosystem at large.

Adebayo stated that we could make User Feedback a part of every meetup, by having it in the agenda for each meetup.

Precious Chukundah suggested that we have a roadmap for the year, to guide our planning and resource allocation. The team agreed that this roadmap will be done, and discussed in the next meeting.

